welcome to another
telephone yes we we call already
take a look and say that I'm full
I have been in the
Floating land landed yes I was
recently with them and me is something
strange noticed
i fell i fell and
then I was so terrified
I'm diarrhea and there they are
other people complained about it and
So did not want to show me but
talk to me and they said you
sign up with them again
then maybe look again
to get my mobile number
okay because they said they find us
that's very disgusting
had connected that was just synonymous
not intentionally there because of me
I fell down and totally lost myself
scared and yes then I would have there
I would just have to keep watching
and maybe the person will join
me somehow and have that with me
diarrhea does not come at who
before them so that was unique then
I think to myself
everything works then many thanks suggests
[Music]
[Applause]
day I am talking at the service area
So customer service is also good I have
Yesterday a coconut with them
buys for 1 euro 99 and then in the
coconut was somehow a litchi
a litchi lives right in there for
a euro 99 I even have that
cash register yes in the coconut
when we were there and I already was
noticed that somehow like that
hole so grim so that's it
was not a hole in it but in the
make half and then I have me
Maybe that's just how it looked
but then when I'm home then
I thought oh that opens up completely
easy and then there was just one
litchi in it a little one
awkward but I found that
actually better because I like it
and I was twice as happy but
if they exchange it if of course
well that's okay then many thanks
Have a good time
it was again people 3